HEARINGS IN THE SENATE TOMORROW, WHICH COULD ACTUALLY DETERMINE
WHICH COULD ACTUALLY DETERMINE THE ENTIRE FUTURE OF THE MUELLER
THE ENTIRE FUTURE OF THE MUELLER REPORT.
REPORT. >>> FIRST, HERE ARE A FEW OF THE
>>> FIRST, HERE ARE A FEW OF THE TRACKS SHAKING THE TRUMP WHITE
TRACKS SHAKING THE TRUMP WHITE HOUSE RIGHT NOW.
HOUSE RIGHT NOW. IN THOSE HECTIC DAYS AFTER
IN THOSE HECTIC DAYS AFTER PRESIDENT TRUMP FIRED JAMES
PRESIDENT TRUMP FIRED JAMES COMEY, INVESTIGATORS WERE SO
COMEY, INVESTIGATORS WERE SO CONCERNED THEY BEGAN
CONCERNED THEY BEGAN INVESTIGATING WHETHER HE WAS
INVESTIGATING WHETHER HE WAS WORKING FOR RUSSIA THAT IS
WORKING FOR RUSSIA THAT IS DIFFERENT FROM THE KNOWN PROBE
DIFFERENT FROM THE KNOWN PROBE INTO OBSTRUCTION BECAUSE OF ITS
INTO OBSTRUCTION BECAUSE OF ITS CRIMINAL ASPECT.
CRIMINAL ASPECT. A CONFIRMATION THAT THE FBI
A CONFIRMATION THAT THE FBI ESSENTIALLY VIEWED DONALD
ESSENTIALLY VIEWED DONALD TRUMP’S BEHAVIOR AS SUSPICIOUS
TRUMP’S BEHAVIOR AS SUSPICIOUS FROM A COUNTERINTELLIGENCE POINT
FROM A COUNTERINTELLIGENCE POINT OF VIEW.
OF VIEW. ALL OF THAT IN "THE NEW YORK
ALL OF THAT IN "THE NEW YORK TIMES" REPORT, AND THEY ALSO
TIMES" REPORT, AND THEY ALSO NOTE THAT THE AGENTS THERE WERE
NOTE THAT THE AGENTS THERE WERE AS AGHAST OVER DONALD TRUMP’S
AS AGHAST OVER DONALD TRUMP’S NOW INFAMOUS ADMISSIONS TO
NOW INFAMOUS ADMISSIONS TO LESTER HOLT ABOUT THE PROBE AS
LESTER HOLT ABOUT THE PROBE AS MANY OF HIS CRITICS WERE.
MANY OF HIS CRITICS WERE. SO THAT’S THE CORE OF "THE
SO THAT’S THE CORE OF "THE TIMES" STORY, WHICH WAS SO
TIMES" STORY, WHICH WAS SO DAMNING THAT DONALD TRUMP HAD TO
DAMNING THAT DONALD TRUMP HAD TO RESPOND TO IT BOTH YESTERDAY AND
RESPOND TO IT BOTH YESTERDAY AND AGAIN TODAY, WHICH I’M GOING TO
AGAIN TODAY, WHICH I’M GOING TO SHOW YOU.
SHOW YOU. BUT FIRST, JUST CONSIDER
BUT FIRST, JUST CONSIDER TONIGHT, LET’S DO THIS TOGETHER.
TONIGHT, LET’S DO THIS TOGETHER. LET’S CONSIDER HOW FAR WE’VE
LET’S CONSIDER HOW FAR WE’VE COME, AND NOT IN A GOOD WAY.
COME, AND NOT IN A GOOD WAY. IT WAS JULY 2017 WHEN MANY
IT WAS JULY 2017 WHEN MANY PEOPLE THOUGHT THAT IT SEEMED
PEOPLE THOUGHT THAT IT SEEMED POTENTIALLY EXAGGERATED OR
POTENTIALLY EXAGGERATED OR PARTISAN FOR HILLARY CLINTON’S
PARTISAN FOR HILLARY CLINTON’S FORMER RUNNING MATE, SENATOR TIM
FORMER RUNNING MATE, SENATOR TIM KAINE TO SAY THAT TRUMP’S
KAINE TO SAY THAT TRUMP’S CAMPAIGN ACTIONS POTENTIALLY
CAMPAIGN ACTIONS POTENTIALLY RAISED A TREASON INVESTIGATION
RAISED A TREASON INVESTIGATION LEVEL SET OF QUESTIONS.
LEVEL SET OF QUESTIONS. AND LAST YEAR, PEOPLE ALSO WERE
AND LAST YEAR, PEOPLE ALSO WERE SKEPTICAL WHEN FORMER CIA
SKEPTICAL WHEN FORMER CIA DIRECTOR JOHN BRENNAN WAS
DIRECTOR JOHN BRENNAN WAS TALKING ABOUT TRUMP’S TREASONOUS
TALKING ABOUT TRUMP’S TREASONOUS ACTIONS TAKEN IN THE POCKET OF
ACTIONS TAKEN IN THE POCKET OF PUTIN.
PUTIN. NOW BOTH OF THOSE TREASON QUOTES
NOW BOTH OF THOSE TREASON QUOTES ARE FROM TRUMP CRITICS.
ARE FROM TRUMP CRITICS. SO YOU CAN FACTOR THAT IN.
SO YOU CAN FACTOR THAT IN. AND THEN CONSIDER AGAIN AS WE
AND THEN CONSIDER AGAIN AS WE LOOK AT HOW FAR WE’VE COME
LOOK AT HOW FAR WE’VE COME TONIGHT WHEN THAT SAME LINE WAS
TONIGHT WHEN THAT SAME LINE WAS ACTUALLY CROSSED BY A RESPECTED
ACTUALLY CROSSED BY A RESPECTED NEWS OUTLET, NOT A CRITIC, BUT A
NEWS OUTLET, NOT A CRITIC, BUT A NEWS OUTLET.
NEWS OUTLET. ON JULY 18th, 2018, YOU’RE
ON JULY 18th, 2018, YOU’RE LOOKING AT THE FRONT PAGE OF THE
LOOKING AT THE FRONT PAGE OF THE "NEW YORK TIMES" RAISING THE
"NEW YORK TIMES" RAISING THE ISSUE OF TRUMP TREASON.
ISSUE OF TRUMP TREASON. RIGHT THERE ON THE DEBATE ON THE
RIGHT THERE ON THE DEBATE ON THE FRONT PAGE.
FRONT PAGE. THAT HAD NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE,
THAT HAD NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE, A LINE CROSSED.
A LINE CROSSED. BUT TRUMP’S MOST FERVENT
BUT TRUMP’S MOST FERVENT SUPPORTERS STILL ARGUE, WELL,
SUPPORTERS STILL ARGUE, WELL, THAT’S JUST MORE TRUMP CRITICISM
THAT’S JUST MORE TRUMP CRITICISM FROM THE PRESS, AND THEY WOULD
FROM THE PRESS, AND THEY WOULD ARGUE THE U.S. IS NOT YET AT A
ARGUE THE U.S. IS NOT YET AT A PLACE WHERE ASKING IF TRUMP
PLACE WHERE ASKING IF TRUMP WORKS FOR RUSSIA IS A REASONABLE
WORKS FOR RUSSIA IS A REASONABLE INQUIRY.
INQUIRY. AND THEY’D SAY THAT’S WHY YOU
AND THEY’D SAY THAT’S WHY YOU ONLY HEAR THE QUESTION FROM
ONLY HEAR THE QUESTION FROM CRITICS OR FROM PARTS OF THE
CRITICS OR FROM PARTS OF THE PRESS, BUT CERTAINLY NOT FROM
PRESS, BUT CERTAINLY NOT FROM REPUBLICANS ON THE RECORD OR FOX
REPUBLICANS ON THE RECORD OR FOX NEWS.
NEWS. UNTIL NOW.
UNTIL NOW. THAT LINE HAS NOW ALSO BEEN
THAT LINE HAS NOW ALSO BEEN CROSSED.
CROSSED. THESE REPORTS SO SIGNIFICANT, SO
THESE REPORTS SO SIGNIFICANT, SO DETAILED, SO UNASSAILBLY
DETAILED, SO UNASSAILBLY UNIGNORABLE, THEY CAN’T EVEN BE
UNIGNORABLE, THEY CAN’T EVEN BE IGNORED ON FOX NEWS.
IGNORED ON FOX NEWS. AND GIVEN THE CHANCE TO DENY IT,
AND GIVEN THE CHANCE TO DENY IT, THERE YOU HAD THE PRESIDENT NOT
THERE YOU HAD THE PRESIDENT NOT DENYING IT.
DENYING IT. >> ARE YOU NOW OR HAVE YOU EVER
>> ARE YOU NOW OR HAVE YOU EVER WORKED FOR RUSSIA, MR.
WORKED FOR RUSSIA, MR. PRESIDENT?
PRESIDENT? >> I THINK IT’S THE MOST
>> I THINK IT’S THE MOST INSULTING THING I’VE EVER BEEN
INSULTING THING I’VE EVER BEEN ASKED.
ASKED. I THINK IT’S THE MOST INSULTING
I THINK IT’S THE MOST INSULTING ARTICLE I’VE EVER HAD WRITTEN.
ARTICLE I’VE EVER HAD WRITTEN. >> IT TOOK TWO MORE DAYS FOR
>> IT TOOK TWO MORE DAYS FOR TRUMP TO SAY FORMALLY NO.
TRUMP TO SAY FORMALLY NO. >> MR. PRESIDENT, YES OR NO,
>> MR. PRESIDENT, YES OR NO, HAVE YOU OR ARE YOU NOW, HAVE
HAVE YOU OR ARE YOU NOW, HAVE YOU EVER WORKED FOR RUSSIA?
YOU EVER WORKED FOR RUSSIA? YES OR NO.
YES OR NO. >> I NEVER WORKED FOR RUSSIA,
>> I NEVER WORKED FOR RUSSIA, AND YOU KNOW THAT ANSWER BETTER
AND YOU KNOW THAT ANSWER BETTER THAN ANYBODY.
THAN ANYBODY. I NEVER WORKED FOR RUSSIA.
I NEVER WORKED FOR RUSSIA. >> THAT’S THE RUSSIAN ASSET SIDE
>> THAT’S THE RUSSIAN ASSET SIDE OF THE STORY, THE PRESIDENT
OF THE STORY, THE PRESIDENT ADDRESSING IT TODAY.
ADDRESSING IT TODAY. THEN THERE IS THE ALLEGED
THEN THERE IS THE ALLEGED COVER-UP.
COVER-UP. "THE WASHINGTON POST" REPORTING
"THE WASHINGTON POST" REPORTING THAT AFTER ONE MEETING WITH
THAT AFTER ONE MEETING WITH PUTIN LAST YEAR, TRUMP
PUTIN LAST YEAR, TRUMP CONFISCATED HIS INTERPRETER’S
CONFISCATED HIS INTERPRETER’S NOTES FROM THE MEETING AND TOLD
NOTES FROM THE MEETING AND TOLD THE INTERPRETER NOT TO DISCUSS
THE INTERPRETER NOT TO DISCUSS WHAT HAPPENED WITH HIS OWN
WHAT HAPPENED WITH HIS OWN EMPLOYEES AND AIDES IN THE TRUMP
EMPLOYEES AND AIDES IN THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION.
ADMINISTRATION. THE ONLY THING THE INTERPRETER
THE ONLY THING THE INTERPRETER WAS ABLE TO CONFIRM IS WHEN
WAS ABLE TO CONFIRM IS WHEN PUTIN DENIED THE U.S. MEDALDLED
PUTIN DENIED THE U.S. MEDALDLED THE ELECTIONS HE DENIED IT,
THE ELECTIONS HE DENIED IT, WHICH IS FAMILIAR FROM ANOTHER
WHICH IS FAMILIAR FROM ANOTHER MEETING A YEAR LATER IN
MEETING A YEAR LATER IN HELSINKI.
HELSINKI. >> I HAVE PRESIDENT PUTIN.
>> I HAVE PRESIDENT PUTIN. HE JUST SAID IT’S NOT RUSSIA.
HE JUST SAID IT’S NOT RUSSIA. I WILL SAY THIS.
I WILL SAY THIS. I DON’T SEE ANY REASON WHY IT
I DON’T SEE ANY REASON WHY IT WOULD BE.
WOULD BE. PRESIDENT PUTIN WAS EXTREMELY
PRESIDENT PUTIN WAS EXTREMELY STRONG AND POWERFUL IN HIS
STRONG AND POWERFUL IN HIS DENIAL TODAY.
DENIAL TODAY. >> STRONG, POWERFUL.
>> STRONG, POWERFUL. WE ALSO KNOW THAT AFTER
WE ALSO KNOW THAT AFTER HELSINKI, TRUMP AIDES COULD NOT
HELSINKI, TRUMP AIDES COULD NOT GET A RELIABLE READOUT OF THAT
GET A RELIABLE READOUT OF THAT MEETING.
MEETING. BUT THE DINNER THERE, WHEN THEY
BUT THE DINNER THERE, WHEN THEY SPOKE WITH ONLY PUTIN’S
SPOKE WITH ONLY PUTIN’S INTERPRETER DOING THE
INTERPRETER DOING THE TRANSLATING, THEIR HELSINKI
TRANSLATING, THEIR HELSINKI CONVERSATION WHERE NO ONE BUT
CONVERSATION WHERE NO ONE BUT TRUMP AND PUTIN AND THE
TRUMP AND PUTIN AND THE TRANSLATORS WERE IN THE ROOM,
TRANSLATORS WERE IN THE ROOM, AND THESE TWO WORLD LEADERS
AND THESE TWO WORLD LEADERS CONVERSATIONS AT OTHER EVENTS
CONVERSATIONS AT OTHER EVENTS LIKE THE G20 IN BUENOS AIRES
LIKE THE G20 IN BUENOS AIRES LAST MONTH OR VIETNAM LAST YEAR.
LAST MONTH OR VIETNAM LAST YEAR. THIS ISN’T NORMAL.
THIS ISN’T NORMAL. THIS IS SUSPICIOUS.
THIS IS SUSPICIOUS. THE MORE WE LEARN, THE MORE
THE MORE WE LEARN, THE MORE SUSPICIOUS IT GETS.
SUSPICIOUS IT GETS. AND TRUMP IS WILLING TO TAKE THE
AND TRUMP IS WILLING TO TAKE THE HEAT FOR ACTING THIS SUSPICIOUS
HEAT FOR ACTING THIS SUSPICIOUS AND TAKING THE HEAT FROM OPENING
AND TAKING THE HEAT FROM OPENING INGLY
INGLY DISCOURAGING WITNESS, AND MORE
DISCOURAGING WITNESS, AND MORE PEOPLE AT FOX KNEW ASKING WHY.
PEOPLE AT FOX KNEW ASKING WHY. WE BEGIN TONIGHT WITH FORMER
WE BEGIN TONIGHT WITH FORMER PROSECUTOR IN THE SOUTHERN
PROSECUTOR IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AND A
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AND A FORMER DISTRICT ATTORNEY, JOYCE
FORMER DISTRICT ATTORNEY, JOYCE VANCE, BOTH ANALYSTS FOR US.
VANCE, BOTH ANALYSTS FOR US. MAYA, WHAT IS YOUR REACTION TO
MAYA, WHAT IS YOUR REACTION TO THIS SET OF BOMBSHELL REPORTS?
THIS SET OF BOMBSHELL REPORTS? >> MY REACTION IS THAT THIS IS
>> MY REACTION IS THAT THIS IS NOT JUST UNPRECEDENTED.
NOT JUST UNPRECEDENTED. IT’S EXTREMELY DANGEROUS.
IT’S EXTREMELY DANGEROUS. AND PART OF WHY IT’S EXTREMELY
AND PART OF WHY IT’S EXTREMELY DANGEROUS IS THAT WE ARE NOT AS
DANGEROUS IS THAT WE ARE NOT AS A COUNTRY, NOT AS A WHOLE, NOT
A COUNTRY, NOT AS A WHOLE, NOT AS A NATION OF PEOPLE WHO PUTS
AS A NATION OF PEOPLE WHO PUTS COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY ASKING,
COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY ASKING, DEMANDING THAT WE GET A FORMAL
DEMANDING THAT WE GET A FORMAL ACCOUNTING, THAT WE GET A
ACCOUNTING, THAT WE GET A COMMITMENT THAT THERE IS GOING
COMMITMENT THAT THERE IS GOING TO BE A PUBLIC ACCOUNTING TO
TO BE A PUBLIC ACCOUNTING TO DETERMINE WHETHER OR NOT -- WE
DETERMINE WHETHER OR NOT -- WE DON’T HAVE TO ALL AGREE WHETHER
DON’T HAVE TO ALL AGREE WHETHER THE EVIDENCE IS SUFFICIENT AT
THE EVIDENCE IS SUFFICIENT AT THIS POINT, BUT WHETHER OR NOT
THIS POINT, BUT WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE ANY REASON TO BE
WE HAVE ANY REASON TO BE CONCERNED THAT THE SINGLE MOST
CONCERNED THAT THE SINGLE MOST POWERFUL PERSON IN THE COUNTRY
POWERFUL PERSON IN THE COUNTRY MAY BE COMPROMISED.
MAY BE COMPROMISED. THAT IS -- THIS IS UNCHARTED
THAT IS -- THIS IS UNCHARTED TERRITORY FOR THIS COUNTRY.
TERRITORY FOR THIS COUNTRY. WE SHOULD TAKE IT VERY
WE SHOULD TAKE IT VERY SERIOUSLY.
SERIOUSLY. EVEN FOR THOSE WHO SUPPORT
EVEN FOR THOSE WHO SUPPORT DONALD TRUMP, IF YOU SUPPORT
DONALD TRUMP, IF YOU SUPPORT DONALD TRUMP, YOU SHOULD WANT
DONALD TRUMP, YOU SHOULD WANT TRANSPARENCY.
TRANSPARENCY. YOU SHOULD WANT HIS NAME
YOU SHOULD WANT HIS NAME CLEARED.
CLEARED. YOU SHOULD STOP CALLING NEWS
YOU SHOULD STOP CALLING NEWS OUTLETS NAMES RATHER THAN
OUTLETS NAMES RATHER THAN ADDRESSING THE FACTS.
ADDRESSING THE FACTS. YOU SHOULD STOP, ABSOLUTELY STOP
YOU SHOULD STOP, ABSOLUTELY STOP SUGGESTING THAT MUELLER’S PROBE
SUGGESTING THAT MUELLER’S PROBE SHOULD NOT BE PROTECTED BY
SHOULD NOT BE PROTECTED BY LEGISLATION, AND WE SHOULD STOP
LEGISLATION, AND WE SHOULD STOP HAVING A CONVERSATION THAT
HAVING A CONVERSATION THAT SUGGESTS THAT IT IS SOMEHOW
SUGGESTS THAT IT IS SOMEHOW INAPPROPRIATE FOR THE CONGRESS
INAPPROPRIATE FOR THE CONGRESS TO EXERCISE SOME OVERSIGHT TO
TO EXERCISE SOME OVERSIGHT TO ENABLE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE TO
ENABLE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE TO UNDERSTAND WHAT’S HAPPENED.
UNDERSTAND WHAT’S HAPPENED. >> JOYCE?
>> JOYCE? >> SO I THINK MAYA IS ABSOLUTELY
>> SO I THINK MAYA IS ABSOLUTELY RIGHT.
RIGHT. AND WHAT’S SO STARTLING ABOUT
AND WHAT’S SO STARTLING ABOUT THIS NEW REPORTING OVER THE
THIS NEW REPORTING OVER THE WEEKEND IS THAT THE FBI THOUGHT
WEEKEND IS THAT THE FBI THOUGHT THAT THERE WAS SUFFICIENT
THAT THERE WAS SUFFICIENT PREDICATION TO OPEN A
PREDICATION TO OPEN A COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
COUNTERINTELLIGENCE INVESTIGATION INTO THE
INVESTIGATION INTO THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. COUNTERINTELLIGENCE CASES ARE
COUNTERINTELLIGENCE CASES ARE DIFFERENT FROM TIMES WHEN THE
DIFFERENT FROM TIMES WHEN THE FBI INVESTIGATES A CRIMINAL
FBI INVESTIGATES A CRIMINAL CASE.
CASE. THEN THEY’RE LOOKING TO SEE
THEN THEY’RE LOOKING TO SEE WHETHER OR NOT SOMEONE HAS
WHETHER OR NOT SOMEONE HAS VIOLATED A SPECIFIC CRIMINAL
VIOLATED A SPECIFIC CRIMINAL LAW.
LAW. BUT IN COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
BUT IN COUNTERINTELLIGENCE CASES, THEY’RE LOOKING TO SEE
CASES, THEY’RE LOOKING TO SEE WHETHER THERE IS A THREAT TO OUR
WHETHER THERE IS A THREAT TO OUR NATIONAL SECURITY.
NATIONAL SECURITY. AND AS MAYA SAYS, UNCHARTED
AND AS MAYA SAYS, UNCHARTED WATERS WHEN YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT
WATERS WHEN YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT THE PRESIDENT, THE HEAD OF THE
THE PRESIDENT, THE HEAD OF THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH, BECAUSE THE
EXECUTIVE BRANCH, BECAUSE THE CONSTITUTION SIMPLY DIDN’T
CONSTITUTION SIMPLY DIDN’T CONTEMPLATE A PRESIDENT WHO
CONTEMPLATE A PRESIDENT WHO WOULD BE EITHER A WITTING OR
WOULD BE EITHER A WITTING OR UNWITTING AGENT OF A FOREIGN
UNWITTING AGENT OF A FOREIGN POWER.
POWER. THERE WAS ENORMOUS SENSITIVITY
THERE WAS ENORMOUS SENSITIVITY FOR THE FBI TO TAKE THIS STEP,
FOR THE FBI TO TAKE THIS STEP, WHICH THEY KNEW, THEY HAD TO
WHICH THEY KNEW, THEY HAD TO KNOW WOULD HAVE BEEN VERY
KNOW WOULD HAVE BEEN VERY INFLAMMATORY AT SOME POINT.
INFLAMMATORY AT SOME POINT. THEY HAD EVIDENCE, SOME OF WHICH
THEY HAD EVIDENCE, SOME OF WHICH WE’VE SEEN NOW THANKS TO THIS
WE’VE SEEN NOW THANKS TO THIS REPORTING FROM "THE TIMES" AND
REPORTING FROM "THE TIMES" AND "THE POST," BUT I FEEL CERTAIN A
"THE POST," BUT I FEEL CERTAIN A GREAT QUANTUM OF EVIDENCE, MOST
GREAT QUANTUM OF EVIDENCE, MOST OF THAT ICEBERG IS SUBMERGED
OF THAT ICEBERG IS SUBMERGED BELOW THE WATER.
BELOW THE WATER. "THE NEW YORK TIMES" STORY SAYS
"THE NEW YORK TIMES" STORY SAYS NOTHING HAS EVER PUBLICLY BEEN
NOTHING HAS EVER PUBLICLY BEEN DISCLOSED THAT LINKS THE
DISCLOSED THAT LINKS THE PRESIDENT DESPITE OPENING THE
PRESIDENT DESPITE OPENING THE INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. THAT REPORTING DOESN’T RULE OUT
THAT REPORTING DOESN’T RULE OUT THE FACT THAT THAT EVIDENCE
THE FACT THAT THAT EVIDENCE EXISTS.
EXISTS. I THINK THE COUNTRY AND THE
I THINK THE COUNTRY AND THE PRESIDENT IS DUE FOR QUITE A
PRESIDENT IS DUE FOR QUITE A RECKONING WHEN ALL OF THE FACTS
RECKONING WHEN ALL OF THE FACTS ARE DISCLOSED.
ARE DISCLOSED. >> JOYCE, "THE NEW YORK TIMES"
>> JOYCE, "THE NEW YORK TIMES" ARTICLE GOES THROUGH PART OF, AS
ARTICLE GOES THROUGH PART OF, AS YOU SAY, WHAT THE FBI WAS
YOU SAY, WHAT THE FBI WAS LOOKING AT TO REACH THIS
LOOKING AT TO REACH THIS CONCLUSION.
CONCLUSION. WHAT MORE DO YOU THINK THEY
WHAT MORE DO YOU THINK THEY WOULD HAVE NEEDED?
WOULD HAVE NEEDED? I MEAN, IT DOESN’T SEEM SIMPLY
I MEAN, IT DOESN’T SEEM SIMPLY THE REMOVAL OF AN FBI DIRECTOR
THE REMOVAL OF AN FBI DIRECTOR WOULD TAKE YOU TO THIS LEVEL,
WOULD TAKE YOU TO THIS LEVEL, ALTHOUGH AS NOTED, THAT FIRING
ALTHOUGH AS NOTED, THAT FIRING WAS RARE AND DONE IN AN ODD WAY,
WAS RARE AND DONE IN AN ODD WAY, THERE ARE PAST PRESENCE OF
THERE ARE PAST PRESENCE OF REMOVED SENIOR OFFICIALS IN ALL
REMOVED SENIOR OFFICIALS IN ALL SORTS OF WAYS.
SORTS OF WAYS. >> THAT’S RIGHT.
>> THAT’S RIGHT. AND COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
AND COUNTERINTELLIGENCE INVESTIGATIONS AREN’T MEANT TO
INVESTIGATIONS AREN’T MEANT TO BE OPENED AND SHUT WITH A
BE OPENED AND SHUT WITH A CONCLUSION REACHED.
CONCLUSION REACHED. WHAT THEY’RE REALLY DOING IS
WHAT THEY’RE REALLY DOING IS THEY’RE LOOKING FOR INFORMATION.
THEY’RE LOOKING FOR INFORMATION. THEY’RE IDENTIFYING A THREAT AND
THEY’RE IDENTIFYING A THREAT AND THEY’RE TRYING TO NEUTRALIZE
THEY’RE TRYING TO NEUTRALIZE THAT THREAT.
THAT THREAT. SO THEY CAN GO ON FOR MANY, MANY
SO THEY CAN GO ON FOR MANY, MANY YEARS.
YEARS. IT’S NOT AS SIMPLE AS LOOKING AT
IT’S NOT AS SIMPLE AS LOOKING AT ONE EVENT, BUT THAT ONE EVENT
ONE EVENT, BUT THAT ONE EVENT MIGHT HAVE BEEN PARTICULARLY
MIGHT HAVE BEEN PARTICULARLY TELLING, ESPECIALLY IN LIGHT OF
TELLING, ESPECIALLY IN LIGHT OF WHAT HAPPENED AFTER JAMES COMEY
WHAT HAPPENED AFTER JAMES COMEY WAS FIRED.
WAS FIRED. WE LEARNED ABOUT THE FACT THAT
WE LEARNED ABOUT THE FACT THAT AMBASSADOR KISLYAK WAS THERE
AMBASSADOR KISLYAK WAS THERE FROM THE RUSSIAN PRESS.
FROM THE RUSSIAN PRESS. AND THAT SORT OF INCIDENT WHEN
AND THAT SORT OF INCIDENT WHEN YOU LAYER THEM ONE ON TOP OF THE
YOU LAYER THEM ONE ON TOP OF THE OTHER WOULD GIVE THE FBI REASON
OTHER WOULD GIVE THE FBI REASON TO CONTINUE TO INVESTIGATE.
TO CONTINUE TO INVESTIGATE. WE DON’T KNOW IF THEY AT SOME
WE DON’T KNOW IF THEY AT SOME POINT REACHED A CONCLUSION AND
POINT REACHED A CONCLUSION AND DECIDED THAT THEIR CONCERNS HAD
DECIDED THAT THEIR CONCERNS HAD BEEN ILL FOUNDED AND THERE WERE
BEEN ILL FOUNDED AND THERE WERE NO PROBLEMS, OR IF THEY
NO PROBLEMS, OR IF THEY ULTIMATELY CONCLUDED THERE WAS
ULTIMATELY CONCLUDED THERE WAS MORE OF A THREAT.
MORE OF A THREAT. BUT LIKE YOU SAY, ONE EVENT IN
BUT LIKE YOU SAY, ONE EVENT IN AND OF ITSELF DOESN’T MAKE THESE
AND OF ITSELF DOESN’T MAKE THESE INVESTIGATIONS, AND THE FBI
INVESTIGATIONS, AND THE FBI WOULD HAVE HAD JUST A SERIOUS
WOULD HAVE HAD JUST A SERIOUS QUANTUM OF EVIDENCE OVER A LONG
QUANTUM OF EVIDENCE OVER A LONG TIMELINE TO GET THERE.
TIMELINE TO GET THERE. >> MAYA, I WANT TO DRAW YOU OUT
>> MAYA, I WANT TO DRAW YOU OUT ON SORT OF THE WAY THE PRESIDENT
ON SORT OF THE WAY THE PRESIDENT HAS HANDLED THIS.
HAS HANDLED THIS. IT HAS BECOME SOMETHING OF A
IT HAS BECOME SOMETHING OF A PATTERN NOW WHERE PEOPLE SEE
PATTERN NOW WHERE PEOPLE SEE REPORTS THAT ARE DISTRESSING,
REPORTS THAT ARE DISTRESSING, THAT MIGHT HAVE HAD A BIG IMPACT
THAT MIGHT HAVE HAD A BIG IMPACT ON OTHER PRESIDENTS AND FEEL
ON OTHER PRESIDENTS AND FEEL LIKE THEY JUST GRIND ON, AND YET
LIKE THEY JUST GRIND ON, AND YET THE VERY FACT THAT THIS HAS
THE VERY FACT THAT THIS HAS PUNCTURED WHAT MAY BE A UNIVERSE
PUNCTURED WHAT MAY BE A UNIVERSE OR A BUBBLE OF FOX NEWS, AS I’VE
OR A BUBBLE OF FOX NEWS, AS I’VE ARGUED TONIGHT ITSELF IS
ARGUED TONIGHT ITSELF IS INTERESTING AND TELLING.
INTERESTING AND TELLING. THE PRESIDENT ALSO RESPONDING TO
THE PRESIDENT ALSO RESPONDING TO IT POINT BY POINT AT TIMES AFTER
IT POINT BY POINT AT TIMES AFTER A DELAY.
A DELAY. I WANT TO PLAY FOR YOU ALSO IN
I WANT TO PLAY FOR YOU ALSO IN THAT INTERVIEW HIS ATTEMPT TO
THAT INTERVIEW HIS ATTEMPT TO SAY WELL, THIS IS JUST LIKE HOW
SAY WELL, THIS IS JUST LIKE HOW HE DEALS WITH OTHER HIGH LEVEL
HE DEALS WITH OTHER HIGH LEVEL FOREIGN MEETINGS.
FOREIGN MEETINGS. TAKE A LOOK.
TAKE A LOOK. >> I MET WITH EVERY LEADER JUST
>> I MET WITH EVERY LEADER JUST ABOUT INDIVIDUALLY.
ABOUT INDIVIDUALLY. I MEET WITH MODI, I MEET WITH --
I MEET WITH MODI, I MEET WITH -- IN JAPAN, I MEET WITH ABE.
IN JAPAN, I MEET WITH ABE. I MEET WITH ALL OF THEM.
I MEET WITH ALL OF THEM. BUT NOBODY SAYS ANYTHING.
BUT NOBODY SAYS ANYTHING. BUT I MEET WITH PUTIN, THEY MAKE
BUT I MEET WITH PUTIN, THEY MAKE A BIG DEAL.
A BIG DEAL. ANYBODY COULD HAVE LISTENED TO
ANYBODY COULD HAVE LISTENED TO THAT MEETING.
THAT MEETING. THAT MEETING IS OPEN FOR GRABS.
THAT MEETING IS OPEN FOR GRABS. >> SOME OF WHAT’S THERE IS
>> SOME OF WHAT’S THERE IS OBVIOUSLY A LIE.
OBVIOUSLY A LIE. THE WHOLE POINT IS IT’S NOT OPEN
THE WHOLE POINT IS IT’S NOT OPEN FOR GRABS.
FOR GRABS. I DIDN’T KNOW THAT WAS AN
I DIDN’T KNOW THAT WAS AN EXPRESSION.
EXPRESSION. I THINK UP FOR GRABS.
I THINK UP FOR GRABS. >> I THINK IT’S WHAT "ACCESS
>> I THINK IT’S WHAT "ACCESS HOLLYWOOD" TAUGHT IT IS.
HOLLYWOOD" TAUGHT IT IS. >> WOW, I HADN’T MADE THAT
>> WOW, I HADN’T MADE THAT LITERARY CONNECTION.
LITERARY CONNECTION. BUT BEYOND WORD CHOICE, WHAT DO
BUT BEYOND WORD CHOICE, WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT DEFENSE AND
YOU THINK OF THAT DEFENSE AND WHAT HE’S DOING AND THE FACT
WHAT HE’S DOING AND THE FACT THAT HE FEELS THE NEED TO
THAT HE FEELS THE NEED TO MISLEAD OR LIE ABOUT SAYING THIS
MISLEAD OR LIE ABOUT SAYING THIS IS BASICALLY LIKE OTHER MEETINGS
IS BASICALLY LIKE OTHER MEETINGS AND IT’S ALWAYS THE REACTION TO
AND IT’S ALWAYS THE REACTION TO RUSSIA, NOT THE FACT THAT IT
RUSSIA, NOT THE FACT THAT IT ALWAYS SEEMS TO COME BACK TO
ALWAYS SEEMS TO COME BACK TO RUSSIA.
RUSSIA. >> WELL, PART OF THE REASON
>> WELL, PART OF THE REASON DONALD TRUMP HAS A PROBLEM NOW
DONALD TRUMP HAS A PROBLEM NOW IS BECAUSE HE HAS A HISTORY AND
IS BECAUSE HE HAS A HISTORY AND A PATTERN OF LYING.
A PATTERN OF LYING. SO -- AND THIS GOES I THINK BACK
SO -- AND THIS GOES I THINK BACK TO THE SAME QUESTION THAT YOU
TO THE SAME QUESTION THAT YOU ASKED JOYCE, WHICH IS IF YOU
ASKED JOYCE, WHICH IS IF YOU LOOK AT WHAT THE FBI KNEW AND
LOOK AT WHAT THE FBI KNEW AND WAS OPINIONSWITNESSING, IT WAS F
WAS OPINIONSWITNESSING, IT WAS F ALL WITNESSING A CANDIDATE THAT
ALL WITNESSING A CANDIDATE THAT CLEARLY AS WE KNOW HAD BUSINESS
CLEARLY AS WE KNOW HAD BUSINESS DEALINGS AND WAS GOING AFTER
DEALINGS AND WAS GOING AFTER BUSINESS DEALINGS IN RUSSIA, AND
BUSINESS DEALINGS IN RUSSIA, AND PUBLICLY TELLING EVERYONE WHO
PUBLICLY TELLING EVERYONE WHO ASKED THAT HE WAS HAVING NO
ASKED THAT HE WAS HAVING NO BUSINESS CONVERSATIONS WITH
BUSINESS CONVERSATIONS WITH RUSSIA, WE KNOW THAT WAS A LIE
RUSSIA, WE KNOW THAT WAS A LIE NOW.
NOW. WE KNOW THAT FROM MICHAEL COHEN
WE KNOW THAT FROM MICHAEL COHEN THAT HE WAS DIRECTED ACTUALLY TO
THAT HE WAS DIRECTED ACTUALLY TO PURSUE LINES OF BUSINESS, AT
PURSUE LINES OF BUSINESS, AT LEAST UNTIL JUNE AND LOOKS LIKE
LEAST UNTIL JUNE AND LOOKS LIKE EVEN INTO THE FALL OF 2016.
EVEN INTO THE FALL OF 2016. YOU HAVE HIM BEING BRIEFED BY
YOU HAVE HIM BEING BRIEFED BY THE FBI ABOUT THE ACTIVITIES AND
THE FBI ABOUT THE ACTIVITIES AND THE POTENTIAL FOR INFILTRATION
THE POTENTIAL FOR INFILTRATION OF HIS CAMPAIGN BY RUSSIANS.
OF HIS CAMPAIGN BY RUSSIANS. HE HAD SEVEN PEOPLE HAVING
HE HAD SEVEN PEOPLE HAVING CONTACT WITH RUSSIANS DURING HIS
CONTACT WITH RUSSIANS DURING HIS CAMPAIGN.
CAMPAIGN. THE FBI ASKED HIM TO -- AND THE
THE FBI ASKED HIM TO -- AND THE CAMPAIGN TO LET THEM KNOW ABOUT
CAMPAIGN TO LET THEM KNOW ABOUT CONTACT WITH RUSSIANS.
CONTACT WITH RUSSIANS. AS FAR AS WE KNOW FROM THE
AS FAR AS WE KNOW FROM THE RECORD THAT WE’VE SEEN, THAT DID
RECORD THAT WE’VE SEEN, THAT DID NOT HAPPEN.
NOT HAPPEN. THEN, OF COURSE, YOU HAVE THE
THEN, OF COURSE, YOU HAVE THE FACT THAT NOT ONLY HIS CAMPAIGN
FACT THAT NOT ONLY HIS CAMPAIGN MANAGER -- RIGHT, THE PERSON WHO
MANAGER -- RIGHT, THE PERSON WHO WAS CHAIRING HIS CAMPAIGN
WAS CHAIRING HIS CAMPAIGN CHANGED THE REPUBLICAN PLATFORM
CHANGED THE REPUBLICAN PLATFORM IN A WAY THAT WAS BENEFICIAL TO
IN A WAY THAT WAS BENEFICIAL TO THE POLICY INTERESTS OF RUSSIA.
THE POLICY INTERESTS OF RUSSIA. YOU THEN ALSO HAD THE FACT THAT
YOU THEN ALSO HAD THE FACT THAT MICHAEL FLYNN, WHO WAS HIS
MICHAEL FLYNN, WHO WAS HIS ADVISER, LIED ABOUT HAVING
ADVISER, LIED ABOUT HAVING COMMUNICATIONS ABOUT SANCTIONS
COMMUNICATIONS ABOUT SANCTIONS IN RUSSIA WITH AMBASSADOR
IN RUSSIA WITH AMBASSADOR KISLYAK AGAIN.
KISLYAK AGAIN. I MEAN, WE DON’T EVEN HAVE
I MEAN, WE DON’T EVEN HAVE ENOUGH TIME TO GO DOWN THE LIST
ENOUGH TIME TO GO DOWN THE LIST BOTH OF FACTS THAT IN AND OF
BOTH OF FACTS THAT IN AND OF THEMSELVES GIVE US A WHOLE
THEMSELVES GIVE US A WHOLE PUBLIC MOUNTAIN OF INFORMATION
PUBLIC MOUNTAIN OF INFORMATION THAT ACTUALLY MAKES IT CLEAR
THAT ACTUALLY MAKES IT CLEAR THAT THE FBI WAS RIGHT TO BE
THAT THE FBI WAS RIGHT TO BE CONCERNED AT THE POINT HE THEN
CONCERNED AT THE POINT HE THEN FIRES COMEY AND SAYS IT’S ABOUT
FIRES COMEY AND SAYS IT’S ABOUT THE INVESTIGATION.
THE INVESTIGATION. >> SAYS IT’S ABOUT THE
>> SAYS IT’S ABOUT THE INVESTIGATION AND HOLDS ANOTHER
INVESTIGATION AND HOLDS ANOTHER PRIVATE MEETING NOT WITH PUTIN,
PRIVATE MEETING NOT WITH PUTIN, BUT WITH RUSSIAN DIPLOMATS TO
BUT WITH RUSSIAN DIPLOMATS TO SAY THIS HAS EASED THE PRESSURE
SAY THIS HAS EASED THE PRESSURE OFF HIM AND ONLY ALLOWS THE
OFF HIM AND ONLY ALLOWS THE RUSSIAN PRESS TO COVER IT.
RUSSIAN PRESS TO COVER IT. IT’S OVERWHELMING WHEN YOU PUT
IT’S OVERWHELMING WHEN YOU PUT IT ALL LIKE THAT.
IT ALL LIKE THAT. MAYA, THANK YOU, AND STAY WITH
MAYA, THANK YOU, AND STAY WITH ME BECAUSE I WANT TO BRING YOU
ME BECAUSE I WANT TO BRING YOU ON ONE OTHER ITEM LATER IN THE
ON ONE OTHER ITEM LATER IN THE SHOW.
SHOW. JOYCE VANCE, THANK YOU AS WELL.
JOYCE VANCE, THANK YOU AS WELL. APPRECIATE IT.
APPRECIATE IT. WHAT I WANT TO DO NOW IS TURN,
WHAT I WANT TO DO NOW IS TURN, AS PROMISED, TO AN INTERVIEW
AS PROMISED, TO AN INTERVIEW WITH A HOUSE DEMOCRATIC CHAIR.
WITH A HOUSE DEMOCRATIC CHAIR. THE DEEMMS ARE IN THE MAJORITY.
THE DEEMMS ARE IN THE MAJORITY. ELIOT ENGEL, THE NEW CHAIRMAN OF
ELIOT ENGEL, THE NEW CHAIRMAN OF THE HOUSE FOREIGN AFFAIRS
THE HOUSE FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMMITTEE SAYS THERE WILL BE A
COMMITTEE SAYS THERE WILL BE A PANEL TO INVESTIGATE AND
PANEL TO INVESTIGATE AND CONSIDERING WHETHER PRESIDENT
CONSIDERING WHETHER PRESIDENT TRUMP’S INTERPRETERS TO LEARN
TRUMP’S INTERPRETERS TO LEARN ABOUT THOSE MEETINGS.
ABOUT THOSE MEETINGS. I’M HAPPY TO SAY ON "THE BEAT"
I’M HAPPY TO SAY ON "THE BEAT" IS ELIOT ENGEL, THE CHAIR OF THE
IS ELIOT ENGEL, THE CHAIR OF THE HOUSE FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMMITTEE.
HOUSE FOREIGN AFFAIRS COMMITTEE. A BUSY DAY.
A BUSY DAY. THANKS FOR JOINING ME TONIGHT.
THANKS FOR JOINING ME TONIGHT. >> MY PLEASURE, MY PLEASURE.
>> MY PLEASURE, MY PLEASURE. >> WE WENT THROUGH SOME OF WHAT
>> WE WENT THROUGH SOME OF WHAT YOU’VE REPORTEDLY BEEN DOING.
YOU’VE REPORTEDLY BEEN DOING. IN YOUR VIEW, WAS THIS STORY A
IN YOUR VIEW, WAS THIS STORY A SURPRISE WHEN YOU READ IT TO YOU
SURPRISE WHEN YOU READ IT TO YOU AND WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO TO
AND WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO TO GET THE INTERPRETER TO PROVIDE
GET THE INTERPRETER TO PROVIDE INFORMATION TO CONGRESS?
INFORMATION TO CONGRESS? >> WELL, OF COURSE IT WAS A
>> WELL, OF COURSE IT WAS A SURPRISE.
SURPRISE. IT STILL IS A SURPRISE.
IT STILL IS A SURPRISE. I STILL PINCH MYSELF TO THINK
I STILL PINCH MYSELF TO THINK THIS IS REALLY HAPPENING.
THIS IS REALLY HAPPENING. AND I THINK THAT THE PRESIDENT
AND I THINK THAT THE PRESIDENT WOULD WANT TO COOPERATE TO CLEAR
WOULD WANT TO COOPERATE TO CLEAR HIMSELF IF INDEED HE FEELS HE
HIMSELF IF INDEED HE FEELS HE NEEDS TO BE CLEARED.
NEEDS TO BE CLEARED. WE HAVE HAD DIFFICULTY WITH THE
WE HAVE HAD DIFFICULTY WITH THE RUSSIANS SINCE THEY INTERFERED
RUSSIANS SINCE THEY INTERFERED IN OUR ELECTION FOR PRESIDENT IN
IN OUR ELECTION FOR PRESIDENT IN 2016, AND WE KNOW THEY
2016, AND WE KNOW THEY INTERFERED IN TRYING TO HELP THE
INTERFERED IN TRYING TO HELP THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. AND WHAT HAPPENS NOW OF COURSE
AND WHAT HAPPENS NOW OF COURSE IS THE PRESIDENT IS COZIED UP TO
IS THE PRESIDENT IS COZIED UP TO PUTIN ALL THE TIME SINCE HE’S
PUTIN ALL THE TIME SINCE HE’S BEEN PRESIDENT, AND IT MAKES YOU
BEEN PRESIDENT, AND IT MAKES YOU SCRATCH YOUR HEAD AND THINK
SCRATCH YOUR HEAD AND THINK THERE IS SOME KIND OF NEFARIOUS
THERE IS SOME KIND OF NEFARIOUS CONNECTION.
CONNECTION. WHEN YOU ADD THE FACT THAT
WHEN YOU ADD THE FACT THAT APPARENTLY THE PRESIDENT TRIED
APPARENTLY THE PRESIDENT TRIED TO HIDE NOTES THAT WERE TAKEN OF
TO HIDE NOTES THAT WERE TAKEN OF HIS ENCOUNTER WITH PUTIN WHEN
HIS ENCOUNTER WITH PUTIN WHEN ONLY THE TWO OF THEM WERE IN A
ONLY THE TWO OF THEM WERE IN A ROOM, IT JUST MAKES YOU THINK
ROOM, IT JUST MAKES YOU THINK AGAIN.
AGAIN. THERE WERE TOO MANY THINGS GOING
THERE WERE TOO MANY THINGS GOING ON AT ONE TIME TO JUST WALK AWAY
ON AT ONE TIME TO JUST WALK AWAY FROM THIS AND SAY, WELL, THEY’RE
FROM THIS AND SAY, WELL, THEY’RE ALL COINCIDENCES.
ALL COINCIDENCES. WE’RE GOING TO LOOK AT IT, AND
WE’RE GOING TO LOOK AT IT, AND WE’RE GOING TO MAKE A JUDGMENT
WE’RE GOING TO MAKE A JUDGMENT ACCORDINGLY, BUT I WANT TO JUST
ACCORDINGLY, BUT I WANT TO JUST SAY WITH THE HOUSE IS THE BRANCH
SAY WITH THE HOUSE IS THE BRANCH OF GOVERNMENT, THE LEGISLATIVE
OF GOVERNMENT, THE LEGISLATIVE BRANCH OF GOVERNMENT.
BRANCH OF GOVERNMENT. AND WE HAVE CHECKS AND BALANCES
AND WE HAVE CHECKS AND BALANCES AND WE’RE SUPPOSED TO GET
AND WE’RE SUPPOSED TO GET INVOLVED IN SUCH THINGS.
INVOLVED IN SUCH THINGS. >> THE BIG CHECK AS YOU KNOW IS
>> THE BIG CHECK AS YOU KNOW IS THE SUBPOENA POWER.
THE SUBPOENA POWER. IF THIS DOES NOT SHOW UP
IF THIS DOES NOT SHOW UP VOLUNTARILY, ARE YOU PREPARED TO
VOLUNTARILY, ARE YOU PREPARED TO SUBPOENA THE INTERPRETER?
SUBPOENA THE INTERPRETER? >> NO DECISIONS HAVE BEEN MADE.
>> NO DECISIONS HAVE BEEN MADE. WE’RE STILL IN THE BEGINNINGS OF
WE’RE STILL IN THE BEGINNINGS OF IT.
IT. CONGRESS IS FIRST PUTTING
CONGRESS IS FIRST PUTTING TOGETHER THE COMMITTEES.
TOGETHER THE COMMITTEES. WE DON’T EVEN KNOW ALL THE
WE DON’T EVEN KNOW ALL THE MEMBERS ON.
MEMBERS ON. BUT WE’RE GOING TO LOOK AT ALL
BUT WE’RE GOING TO LOOK AT ALL ASPECTS.
ASPECTS. I WOULD THINK A SUBPOENA WOULD
I WOULD THINK A SUBPOENA WOULD BE A LAST RESORT, NOT A FIRST
BE A LAST RESORT, NOT A FIRST RESORT.
RESORT. I WOULD HOPE IT WOULDN’T HAVE TO
I WOULD HOPE IT WOULDN’T HAVE TO GET TO THAT.
GET TO THAT. I WOULD HOPE THAT THERE IS
I WOULD HOPE THAT THERE IS COOPERATION.
COOPERATION. THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE THE
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE THE RIGHT TO KNOW.
RIGHT TO KNOW. >> OTHER THAN WHAT WE’VE
>> OTHER THAN WHAT WE’VE LEARNED, DO YOU FEEL THAT THIS
LEARNED, DO YOU FEEL THAT THIS IS THE END OF THE PUTIN MEETING
IS THE END OF THE PUTIN MEETING STORY OR IS THERE MORE
STORY OR IS THERE MORE INFORMATION THAT YOU WOULD
INFORMATION THAT YOU WOULD EXPECT MAY COME OUT THROUGH YOUR
EXPECT MAY COME OUT THROUGH YOUR INVESTIGATION THROUGH WHAT
INVESTIGATION THROUGH WHAT APPEAR TO BE CONGRESSIONALLY
APPEAR TO BE CONGRESSIONALLY RELATED LEAKS AS TO WHAT THE
RELATED LEAKS AS TO WHAT THE FBI’S GENERAL COUNSEL HAD SAID
FBI’S GENERAL COUNSEL HAD SAID REGARDING THE OTHER THING, THE
REGARDING THE OTHER THING, THE PROBE THAT WAS LOCKING AT
PROBE THAT WAS LOCKING AT WHETHER THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF,
WHETHER THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF, WEIRD TO SAY, HARD TO SAY,
WEIRD TO SAY, HARD TO SAY, PERHAPS, THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF
PERHAPS, THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF WAS A NATIONAL SECURITY THREAT
WAS A NATIONAL SECURITY THREAT TO THE UNITED STATES.
TO THE UNITED STATES. >> WELL, I WOULD FIND THAT HARD
>> WELL, I WOULD FIND THAT HARD TO BELIEVE.
TO BELIEVE. I THINK MOST PEOPLE WOULD FIND
I THINK MOST PEOPLE WOULD FIND IT HARD TO BELIEVE.
IT HARD TO BELIEVE. AND I THINK IT WOULD BE IN THE
AND I THINK IT WOULD BE IN THE PRESIDENT’S BEST INTERESTS TO
PRESIDENT’S BEST INTERESTS TO COME CLEAN AND RELEASE WHATEVER
COME CLEAN AND RELEASE WHATEVER PAPERS HE HAS.
PAPERS HE HAS. YOU KNOW, THERE HAS BEEN --
YOU KNOW, THERE HAS BEEN -- SINCE THE ELECTION OF 2016, AND
SINCE THE ELECTION OF 2016, AND SINCE TRUMP BECAME PRESIDENT,
SINCE TRUMP BECAME PRESIDENT, THERE’S ALWAYS SOMETHING ABOUT
THERE’S ALWAYS SOMETHING ABOUT HIM WITH PUTIN.
HIM WITH PUTIN. PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS IT YET SIZED
PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS IT YET SIZED OUR ALLIES AND FRIENDS, HAS
OUR ALLIES AND FRIENDS, HAS CRITICIZED THE NATO ALLIANCE,
CRITICIZED THE NATO ALLIANCE, HAS CRITICIZED ALL KIND OF
HAS CRITICIZED ALL KIND OF THINGS THAT VARIOUS PRESIDENTS
THINGS THAT VARIOUS PRESIDENTS HAVE TAKEN FOR GRANTED AND THE
HAVE TAKEN FOR GRANTED AND THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE TAKEN FOR
AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE TAKEN FOR GRANTED.
GRANTED. WHEN IT COMES TO PUTIN, HE IS
WHEN IT COMES TO PUTIN, HE IS COZY WITH HIM.
COZY WITH HIM. IT REALLY MAKES YOU THINK.
IT REALLY MAKES YOU THINK. AND THE MORE WE HEAR ABOUT THIS,
AND THE MORE WE HEAR ABOUT THIS, THE MORE WE THINK THAT WHAT ELSE
THE MORE WE THINK THAT WHAT ELSE IS THERE THAT WE DON’T KNOW
IS THERE THAT WE DON’T KNOW ABOUT.
ABOUT. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. AND WHILE I HAVE YOU, GIVEN THAT
AND WHILE I HAVE YOU, GIVEN THAT YOU RUN THIS MOST IMPORTANT
YOU RUN THIS MOST IMPORTANT FOREIGN POLICY COMMITTEE, THESE
FOREIGN POLICY COMMITTEE, THESE REPORTS THAT JOHN BOLTON WAS
REPORTS THAT JOHN BOLTON WAS SOLICITING POTENTIAL PLANS TO
SOLICITING POTENTIAL PLANS TO ATTACK IRAN, YOUR RESPONSE.
ATTACK IRAN, YOUR RESPONSE. >> WELL, I THINK THE UNITED
>> WELL, I THINK THE UNITED STATES NEEDS TO BE CAREFUL
STATES NEEDS TO BE CAREFUL BEFORE IT INVOLVES ITSELF IN
BEFORE IT INVOLVES ITSELF IN OTHER WARS AND OTHER ATTACKS.
OTHER WARS AND OTHER ATTACKS. I THINK THAT WE’VE LEARNED OUR
I THINK THAT WE’VE LEARNED OUR LESSON, WE SHOULD HAVE LEARNED
LESSON, WE SHOULD HAVE LEARNED OUR LESSON.
OUR LESSON. I DON’T THINK THE AMERICAN
I DON’T THINK THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT ANY KIND OF A
PEOPLE WANT ANY KIND OF A PROLONGED DIFFICULTIES THAT
PROLONGED DIFFICULTIES THAT WOULD COME WITH SUCH AN ATTACK.
WOULD COME WITH SUCH AN ATTACK. I HAPPEN TO THINK, BY THE WAY,
I HAPPEN TO THINK, BY THE WAY, THAT LEAVING SYRIA WAS A
THAT LEAVING SYRIA WAS A MISTAKE, AND I HAVE TROUBLE IN
MISTAKE, AND I HAVE TROUBLE IN GENERAL WITH THE FOREIGN POLICY
GENERAL WITH THE FOREIGN POLICY OF THIS ADMINISTRATION, WHICH I
OF THIS ADMINISTRATION, WHICH I CALL FLY BY THE SEAT OF YOUR
CALL FLY BY THE SEAT OF YOUR PANTS FOREIGN POLICY.
PANTS FOREIGN POLICY. THERE IS NO CONSISTENCY TO IT.
THERE IS NO CONSISTENCY TO IT. LEAVING SYRIA LEAVES OUR ALLIES
LEAVING SYRIA LEAVES OUR ALLIES REALLY IN JEOPARDY, AND IT
REALLY IN JEOPARDY, AND IT CERTAINLY LEAVES OUR FRIENDS,
CERTAINLY LEAVES OUR FRIENDS, THE KURDS, WHO HAVE FOUGHT SIDE
THE KURDS, WHO HAVE FOUGHT SIDE BY SIDE WITH US IN GREAT
BY SIDE WITH US IN GREAT JEOPARDY.
JEOPARDY. SO I THINK THAT THAT’S SOMETHING
SO I THINK THAT THAT’S SOMETHING THAT TROUBLES ME A GREAT DEAL.
THAT TROUBLES ME A GREAT DEAL. >> WELL, A LOT OF BIG AND
>> WELL, A LOT OF BIG AND TROUBLING QUESTIONS HERE ABOUT
TROUBLING QUESTIONS HERE ABOUT U.S. FOREIGN POLICY IN THIS
U.S. FOREIGN POLICY IN THIS ADMINISTRATION RIGHT NOW.
ADMINISTRATION RIGHT NOW. YOU’RE THE ONE IN THE DRIVER’S
YOU’RE THE ONE IN THE DRIVER’S SEAT IN THE HOUSE WITH THE NEW
SEAT IN THE HOUSE WITH THE NEW CHAIR, AND YOU’RE SAYING THE
CHAIR, AND YOU’RE SAYING THE SUBPOENA’S AT LEAST ON THE TABLE
SUBPOENA’S AT LEAST ON THE TABLE BUT NOT A FIRST RESORT ON THE